# Novozymes-Enzyme-Stability-Prediction
Novozymes finds enzymes in nature and optimizes them for use in industry. In industry, enzymes replace chemicals and accelerate production processes. They help our customers make more from less, while saving energy and generating less waste. Enzymes are widely used in laundry and dishwashing detergents where they remove stains and enable low-temperature washing and concentrated detergents. Other enzymes improve the quality of bread, beer and wine, or increase the nutritional value of animal feed. Enzymes are also used in the production of biofuels where they turn starch or cellulose from biomass into sugars which can be fermented to ethanol. These are just a few examples as we sell enzymes to more than 40 different industries. Like enzymes, microorganisms have natural properties that can be put to use in a variety of processes. Novozymes supplies a range of microorganisms for use in agriculture, animal health and nutrition, industrial cleaning and wastewater treatment.

However, many enzymes are only marginally stable, which limits their performance under harsh application conditions. Instability also decreases the amount of protein that can be produced by the cell. Therefore, the development of efficient computational approaches to predict protein stability carries enormous technical and scientific interest. 

Computational protein stability prediction based on physics principles have made remarkable progress thanks to advanced physics-based methods such as FoldX, Rosetta, and others. Recently, many machine learning methods were proposed to predict the stability impact of mutations on protein based on the pattern of variation in natural sequences and their three dimensional structures. More and more protein structures are being solved thanks to the recent breakthrough of AlphaFold2. However, accurate prediction of protein thermal stability remains a great challenge.

For more info :https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/novozymes-enzyme-stability-prediction
